Hey, Jed here again from practising the way. Thank you so much for the time you spent on your willow responses. It was really helpful to get a sense of more how you think, how you approach this type of work, where your heart is at. And I'd love to invite you to participate in our next round, where we'll have you go through the design and UX thinking exercise. And that'll be included in this PDF, but more detail, but essentially, we're inviting you to, sort of, imagine what would an ideal onboarding for a group leader into our platform look like, or we're gonna be pointing you at a couple of resources, videos that we already have around training and understanding kind of what a group environment is, but we love to have you work through that, and then, um, kind of let you loose in terms of uh, thinking about what that journey could look like, and then actually designing something that showcases your ability on that side of things in terms of skill set. Um, This is not something we're looking to, like, have launch ready, fully dial, but we want something that you feel is really representative of kind of how you think, how you go about something like this. Um, and then again, it is representative of some of your craft, around design and writing, um, or, you know, thinking about content and messaging. So, I look forward to this. Um, and getting a chance to review your work, coming out of that, we will then, um, move move towards a final round of interviews with just 2 or 3 folks, um, selected from this round. So, um, peace blessing love with you as you go about this exercise, and I look forward to chatting on the other side.